mame (Multiple Arcade Machine Emulator)

MAME stands for Multiple Arcade Machine Emulator. When used in
conjunction with images of the original arcade game's ROM and disk
data, MAME attempts to reproduce that game as faithfully as possible
on a more modern general purpose computer. MAME can currently emulate
several thousand different classic arcade video games from the late
1970s through the modern era.

MESS (Multi Emulator Super System) is the sister project of MAME. MESS
documents the hardware for a wide variety of (mostly vintage)
computers, video game consoles, and calculators, as MAME does for
arcade games.

Modern versions of MAME now include MESS, so there's no need for a
separate MESS build or binary.

This build requires around 4GB of storage in /tmp (or whatever you
set TMP to in the environment).

Optionally, MAME can be built with the GroovyMAME patch. Export
GROOVY=yes in the script's environment. If it doesn't work, see
README_groovy.txt for details.

Optionally, MAME can be built with support for bgfx graphics in
Wayland. To do this, export WAYLAND=yes in the environment. Note
that the SlackBuild author doesn't use Wayland and hasn't tested this
(other than making sure it compiles).

Optionally, MAME can be built with pipewire audio support. This is
autodetected, but the pipewire in stock Slackware 15.0 is too old
for MAME. If you want to use pipewire, you'll have to install the
newer (1.2.x) version from testing/graphics-updates/. For -current,
the pipewire version is 1.4.x, which works fine. You can also disable
pipewire support with PIPEWIRE=no in the environment.
